**Quality** **Requirements** **1.** **Security** **(Most**
**Important)**

Security is the foundation of the B.R.A.D system, given its handling of
sensitive data like user-submitted URLs, forensic metadata, and
potentially malicious content. Unauthorized access or breaches could
lead to severe consequences such as data leaks, false reports, or misuse
of the system for cyber-attacks. Therefore, security controls, encrypted
storage, secure APIs, role-based access control, and container isolation
must be thoroughly enforced to protect both user and system integrity.

||
||
||
||

**2.** **Compliance**

Compliance ensures that the system operates within the legal and ethical
boundaries defined by regulations like GDPR and POPIA. This is
especially important for a tool that collects and processes potentially
identifiable or legally sensitive data. Compliance includes implementing
consent mechanisms, depersonalizing data when possible, logging access
to personal data, and providing the right to be forgotten.

||
||
||
||

**3.** **Reliability**

The reliability of B.R.A.D ensures that forensic investigations can be
conducted consistently and accurately. The system should gracefully
handle failed URL submissions, avoid crashes during analysis, and
recover from bot failures without corrupting data. High reliability
builds trust in the system’s outputs and enables analysts to depend on
its results for critical decision-making.

||
||
||
||

**4.** **Scalability**

Scalability is essential to support the analysis of many domain reports
simultaneously. B.R.A.D must be able to grow with demand, especially
during cyber incident spikes. It should process multiple domain
submissions concurrently without bottlenecking the system or slowing
down analysis pipelines. By ensuring scalability, the system can
maintain optimal performance under high loads, enabling faster
processing and quicker turnaround times for forensic results.

||
||
||
||

**5.** **Maintainability**

B.R.A.D’s architecture must allow for frequent updates such as patching
vulnerabilities, integrating new threat intelligence feeds or adapting
AI models. The system must be designed with modularity and clear
interfaces between components (e.g., scrapers, AI, storage) so
developers can make targeted changes without affecting the whole system.

||
||
||
||
